README.md, before:

# Marty-Smith-Personal-Homepage
My personal homepage.

Imported open-source font 'Manrope' from Google APIs.

# Version Notes

v1.1 --IN PROGRESS--  This version will reformate the site layout using Flexbox and a mobile-first design.
  -- Added `"initial-scale=1"` to HEAD for better scaling on different devices.
  -- Added lang="en" attribute to `<HTML>` tag.
  -- Updated README.md for better use of markdown formatting.
  -- Updated page title to include 'Software Engineer'.
  -- Added page-section navigation links to `<header>`.
  -- Changed footer text from `<h3>` to `<p>` and updated CSS accordingly.

v1.01 Initial form of the website as accessed from GitHub.

# Update Log

9/24 Cleared out most of the content from index.html (HEAD retained) and from style.css; I have separate copies
     which I'll work from to redevelop the contents of both.

9/24 Downloaded repo from https://github.com/mhsmith321/Marty-Smith-Personal-Homepage.  Initializing as v1.01.
     This version reflects as commit b6978cc74fbfba4897f1f46f55ebc923d0c3bc57.  Prior commits are viewable in
     Git Bash via the git log command.

# Special Thanks

Thanks to the creators of the font [Manrope](https://github.com/sharanda/manrope)
Created my favicon for free with the help of [favicon.io](https://favicon.io/)

Commit message:

mobile body formatted, desktop header formatted, content added

README.md, after:

# Marty-Smith-Personal-Homepage
My personal homepage.

Imported open-source font 'Manrope' from Google APIs.

# Version Notes

v1.1 --IN PROGRESS--  This version will reformate the site layout using Flexbox and a mobile-first design.
  -- Added `"initial-scale=1"` to HEAD for better scaling on different devices.
  -- Added lang="en" attribute to `<HTML>` tag.
  -- Updated README.md for better use of markdown formatting.
  -- Updated page title to include 'Software Engineer'.
  -- Added page-section navigation links to `<header>`.
  -- Changed footer text from `<h3>` to `<p>` and updated CSS accordingly.
  -- Added a 'Portfolio' section with placeholder content.  Will later be replaced with samples of my work.
  -- Added a contact form to 'Contact' section.
  -- Added Google Maps Columbia, SC to 'Contact' section.
  -- Moved content with social networking links from 'Contact' to 'About Me'.
  -- Moved basic personal information from 'About Me' to 'Introduction'.
  -- Removed `<hr>` elements, now using differential background color for visible seaparation of sections.

v1.01 Initial form of the website as accessed from GitHub.

# Update Log

9/24 Cleared out most of the content from index.html (HEAD retained) and from style.css; I have separate copies
     which I'll work from to redevelop the contents of both.

9/24 Downloaded repo from https://github.com/mhsmith321/Marty-Smith-Personal-Homepage.  Initializing as v1.01.
     This version reflects as commit b6978cc74fbfba4897f1f46f55ebc923d0c3bc57.  Prior commits are viewable in
     Git Bash via the git log command.

# Special Thanks

Thanks to the creators of the font [Manrope](https://github.com/sharanda/manrope)
Created my favicon for free with the help of [favicon.io](https://favicon.io/)
